README.md, before:

<h1>C Examples at Ankara University Season I</h1>

| Project Name  | Project Description |
| :-------------: | :------------- |
| <a href="Prime Numbers.c">Prime Number.c</a>  | This program calculates the number prime or not  |
| <a href="Garage Time Calculator.c">Garage Time Calculator.c</a>  | Firts 3 hours is 2$, after 3 hours in a day every hours is 0.50$ and in a day maximum price is 10.0$  |
| <a href="Over Coin Game.c">Over Coin Game.c</a>  | his c program gives you one chance for guess the flipped coin which is flipped by computer with random function  |
| <a href="Greathest Lowest division.c">Greathest Lowest division.c</a>  | This program calculates the divisior biggest and lowest  |
| <a href="Vowels counter.c">Vowels counter.c</a>  | This program counters vowels in the statemes, which is given by user, and write the histogram  |
| Recursive function 1-2.c  | These programs are example for the recursion  |
| <a href="guess number.c">Guess Number</a>  | This game gives the 5 chance for you may guess the number, which is guessed by computer  |
| <a href="R3C5 Searching Array.c">R3C5 Searching Array.c</a>  | This program gets 15 input from the array and search minimum and maximum value  |
| <a href="unsorted and search values.c">unsorted and search values.c</a>  | This program takes 10 + 1 integer values and search in the position (not index) in the values, which is sorted by the functions  |
| <a href="binary.c">binary.c</a>  | This program searching value with binary search algorithm, values are predefined by programmers  |
| <a href="Concrate two string.c">Concrate two string.c</a>  | This c program concrate string1 with string2.  |
| <a href="Copy String With Pointer and Array Notation.c">Copy String With Pointer and Array Notation.c</a>  | String 1 will copy String 2 with pointer notation and String 3 with array notation.  |
| <a href="StringLenght.c">StringLenght.c</a>  | Calculate the string length with function.  |
| <a href="Strncpy Imitation.c">Strncpy Imitation.c</a>  | N character will add at last from string1 to string2.   |
| <a href="Which is lager.c">Which is lager.c</a>  | If the String1 and String2 have equal characters will return 0, if String1 greater than String2 return 1, otherwise -1.  |
| *X*  | **Y**  |
| *X*  | **Y**  |

Commit message:

Adding 2 C programs
Adding Sudoku Solver and using Library Function.

README.md, after:

<h1>C Examples at Ankara University Season I</h1>

| Project Name  | Project Description |
| :-------------: | :------------- |
| <a href="Prime Numbers.c">Prime Number.c</a>  | This program calculates the number prime or not  |
| <a href="Garage Time Calculator.c">Garage Time Calculator.c</a>  | Firts 3 hours is 2$, after 3 hours in a day every hours is 0.50$ and in a day maximum price is 10.0$  |
| <a href="Over Coin Game.c">Over Coin Game.c</a>  | his c program gives you one chance for guess the flipped coin which is flipped by computer with random function  |
| <a href="Greathest Lowest division.c">Greathest Lowest division.c</a>  | This program calculates the divisior biggest and lowest  |
| <a href="Vowels counter.c">Vowels counter.c</a>  | This program counters vowels in the statemes, which is given by user, and write the histogram  |
| Recursive function 1-2.c  | These programs are example for the recursion  |
| <a href="guess number.c">Guess Number</a>  | This game gives the 5 chance for you may guess the number, which is guessed by computer  |
| <a href="R3C5 Searching Array.c">R3C5 Searching Array.c</a>  | This program gets 15 input from the array and search minimum and maximum value  |
| <a href="unsorted and search values.c">unsorted and search values.c</a>  | This program takes 10 + 1 integer values and search in the position (not index) in the values, which is sorted by the functions  |
| <a href="binary.c">binary.c</a>  | This program searching value with binary search algorithm, values are predefined by programmers  |
| <a href="Concrate two string.c">Concrate two string.c</a>  | This c program concrate string1 with string2.  |
| <a href="Copy String With Pointer and Array Notation.c">Copy String With Pointer and Array Notation.c</a>  | String 1 will copy String 2 with pointer notation and String 3 with array notation.  |
| <a href="StringLenght.c">StringLenght.c</a>  | Calculate the string length with function.  |
| <a href="Strncpy Imitation.c">Strncpy Imitation.c</a>  | N character will add at last from string1 to string2.   |
| <a href="Which is lager.c">Which is lager.c</a>  | If the String1 and String2 have equal characters will return 0, if String1 greater than String2 return 1, otherwise -1.  |
| <a href="Detail Chapter 8 Examples.c">Detail Chapter 8 Examples.c</a>  | This program has some librariy functions to how to use.  |
| <a href="Sudoku Solver [UnOriginal].c">Sudoku Solver [UnOriginal].c</a>  | Sudoku Solver.  |
| *X*  | **Y**  |
| *X*  | **Y**  |
